Adding Clinical Metaproteomics-Verification (#606)
galaxyproject/iwc: workflows/proteomics/clinicalmp/clinicalmp-verification/README.md

> # Clinical Metaproteomics 3: Verification

Author: Have added this information: "In proteomics research, verifying detected peptides is an essential step for reporting accurate peptide detections. This tutorial continues from the clinical metaproteomics discovery workflow, focusing on verifying identified microbial peptides using the PepQuery tool. The PepQuery tool provides an output of verified peptides that can be used to generate a verified protein database that can be used for the next Quantitation workflow."

In proteomic research, verifying peptides or proteins is essential for ensuring data accuracy and biological relevance. This tutorial continues from the clinical metaproteomics discovery workflow, focusing on validating identified microbial peptides using the PepQuery tool.
[https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/tutorials/clinical-mp-3-verification/tutorial.html](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/tutorials/clinical-mp-3-verification/tutorial.html)

## Inputs datasets

### Tabular Input Files
- SGPS peptide report
- MaxQuant Peptide report
- Distinct Peptides for PepQuery

### Search Databases (FASTA)
- Uniprot HUMAN database
- cRAP

### MSMS files
- `PTRC_Skubitz_Plex2_F10_9Aug19_Rage_Rep-19-06-08.mgf`
- `PTRC_Skubitz_Plex2_F11_9Aug19_Rage_Rep-19-06-08.mgf`
- `PTRC_Skubitz_Plex2_F13_9Aug19_Rage_Rep-19-06-08.mgf`
- `PTRC_Skubitz_Plex2_F15_9Aug19_Rage_Rep-19-06-08.mgf`

> 

Reviewer: That seems very specific, how do I as a user know where to find those files ?

Author: Have mentioned : "The MGF files can be accessed via Zenodo."

Author: Changed the text.

# Clinical Metaproteomics 3: Verification

> In proteomics research, verifying detected peptides is an essential step for reporting accurate peptide detections. This tutorial continues from the clinical metaproteomics discovery workflow, focusing on verifying identified microbial peptides using the PepQuery tool. The PepQuery tool provides an output of verified peptides that can be used to generate a verified protein database that can be used for the next Quantitation workflow.
> [https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/tutorials/clinical-mp-3-verification/tutorial.html](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/tutorials/clinical-mp-3-verification/tutorial.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow uses the PepQuery tool to verify peptides discovered with the clinical metaproteomics discovery workflow.
The PepQuery tool outputs verified peptides that can be used to generate a verified protein database that can be used for the clinical metaproteomics quantitation workflow.

More background on this workflow can be found in the [Clinical Metaproteomics 3: Verification tutorial](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/topics/proteomics/tutorials/clinical-mp-3-verification/tutorial.html)
```

Reviewer: (I'm trying to center what the workflow does in the first sentence here)
